# abook addressbook file

[format]
program=abook
version=0.6.1


[0]
name=Olga Budaragina
email=o.budaragina@gmail.com

[1]
name=Grigory Vorobyev
email=grisparrow@gmail.com

[2]
name=Елена Желтова
email=elena.zheltova@mail.ru

[3]
name=Tatiana Kostyleva
email=tatianakostyleva@yahoo.com

[4]
name=Ирина Нарусевич
email=irinanarus@mail.ru

[5]
name=Elena Ermolaeva
email=elena.ermolaeva304@gmail.com

[6]
name=Анастасия Гришина
email=anas-gr@yandex.ru

[7]
name=Позднев Михаил
email=drpozdnev@yandex.ru

[8]
name=Ministarstvo omladine i sporta
email=fondzamladetalente@vesti.gov.rs

[9]
name=Нина Алмазова
email=nialm@inbox.ru

[10]
name=Vsevolod Zelchenko
email=vzelchenko@rambler.ru

[11]
name=Ana Petkovic
email=anna.slav@live.com

[12]
name=Sofia Egorova
email=sofia.egorova@gmail.com

[13]
name=Татьяна Путилова
email=tbputilova@list.ru

[14]
name=Денис Кейер
email=keyer@mail.ru

[15]
name=Dmtr Rasljic
email=dmtrrasljic@gmail.com

[16]
name=Александр Верлинский
email=verlinsky@mail.ru

[17]
name=Војин Недељковић
email=vojin.nedeljkovic@gmail.com

[18]
name=Кристина Манёрова
email=martinus2003@mail.ru

[19]
name=Сурен Тахтаджян
email=sourtakh@mail.ru

[20]
name=Јустина Шибул
email=justina.sibul@gmail.com

[21]
name=Gordan Maricic
email=gordan.maricic@mts.rs

[22]
name=Нада Павловић
email=invitation@airbnb.com

[23]
name=Milan Rasljic
email=milanrasljic@yahoo.com

[24]
name=dragana dimitrijevic
email=dragana_dim77@hotmail.com

[25]
name=dejan dzelebdzic
email=dejan011@hotmail.com

[26]
name=Јелена Вукојевић
email=jecavukojevic95@gmail.com

[27]
name=Aleksandar Loma
email=loma.aleksandar@gmail.com

[28]
name=Mila Bakic
email=mila.bakic@f.bg.ac.rs

[29]
name=Vukasin Miljkovic
email=vmiljk92@gmail.com

[30]
name=Orsat Ligorio
email=orsat.ligorio@gmail.com

[31]
name=Boris Pendelj
email=bpendelj@gmail.com

[32]
name=Sandra SCEPANOVIC
email=sscepano@f.bg.ac.rs

[33]
name=Nenad Ristovic
email=nristovi@f.bg.ac.rs

[34]
name=Darko Todorovic
email=darkotod@eunet.rs

[35]
name=Il Akkad
email=ilakkad@gmail.com

[36]
name=Radmila Stanisic
email=rada.stanisic94@gmail.com

[37]
name=Ksenia Manuela Stojkovic
email=banemane@gmail.com

[38]
name=Milica
email=milica357jankovic@gmail.com

[39]
name=Александра Савић
email=aleksandrasavic@yahoo.com

[40]
name=Tamara Plecas
email=tamara.plecas@gmail.com

[41]
name=Svetlana Loma
email=svetlanaloma@gmail.com

[42]
name=Aleksandra Vesic
email=vsaska94@gmail.com

[43]
name=Andjelka Micic
email=andja9460@live.com

[44]
name=dimitrije.r@live.com
email=dimitrije.r@live.com

[45]
name=Olja Markovic
email=olja.markovic2302@gmail.com

[46]
name=Anastasia Gr
email=ankath@yandex.ru

